What are your earliest memories of television?
Very earliest is having the television installed,
which must have been about 1949,
because we lived in London at that time.
I'm not being particularly interested
until round about the early 1950s
when I started paying attention to the news programmes.
On the news programmes,
one that continues to stand out
was the funeral of King George VI.
And they showed
some of the service and the processions.
The incident that stands out
was taking the coffin by rail
to Windsor for burial.
Station platform
and the guards bringing the coffin to go on the train.
And the royal ladies,
three queens,
Darja Queen Mary,
Queen Elizabeth,
and at that point the Queen Mother,
and the young new queen,
Elizabeth II,
with her sister, Princess Margaret.
They stood in a group as a reception
to watch the coffin going on to the train.
They're dressed in black
and they're all wearing long black veils.
Shrouded.
And I can't remember what the commentator said.
I just remember the picture.
After that,
school must have been very, very keen
that we watched the news.
Perhaps the nuns had got a television in their convent
and were allowed to watch the news as well.
And I remember Fife Robertson
with his clip Scottish speech
going on a hunt for the Loch Ness Monster.